Update Twitter connector documentation and code formatting (#118)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-twitter: ballerina/Module.md

### Step 2: Instantiate a new connector

> 1. Create a `Config.toml` file and Configure Twitter API v2 credentials in the `Config.toml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a `Config.toml` file and, configure the obtained credentials in the above steps as follows:
```
